Factors out the formatting methods from Address (#1843)
Shopify/quilt: packages/address/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## Unreleased
> - Factored out formatting functions so they can be used by POS. [#1843](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1843)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unreleased

- Factored out formatting functions so they can be used synchronously [#1843](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1843)

```
